Is this your son?
What are you trying to do? Where are you going?
Stop following me
Ye Ci
Shen Yu
Your daughter’s death
was not an accident
It was murder
What do you mean?
Look closely
He is the real killer
He’s the one who ran your daughter over
Duan Xiao Jian
Nurse
May I ask, did your hospital
issue a death certificate
for a patient named Duan Jia Le?
What was the date of death?
The boy dropped out of school last month
One month ago?
Patient Zhang Jia Nian
was indeed pronounced dead at our hospital
What about the cause?
What was the cause of death?
I’m the boy’s immediate family
I’m sorry
Only the person who signed the death certificate
Mr. Duan, can access that information
Ms. Ye
You know who I am?